your father was a good man mast Road
agents started up last year never killed
no one for Dad it's a whole lot of money
I ain't after the money
oh hey Tom Mason Alex Gordon how will
you stay cuz you can stay at me running
John Mason red cord really sorry to hear
about that were you off to sheriff said
they caught someone would one of those
marissen the other County you killed my
father who was in on a witness he was
going for you at the guard Joe I'm
looking for some fellow named John Mason
yeah I know John Mason it's a killer you
know killed for money you wouldn't know
anything about that right keep her for
money hello John I get a
five-hundred-dollar bonus if I bring you
in alive give me your word you won't run
I'll give you a little time looks like
your Luck's finally run out I'm gonna
give you an hour to get out of town
get out of town wait it out I'll come
for you when it's over you know I'm
gonna be really pissed if you don't get
yourself killed we promise you come back
to me I promise the law is the law can't
run forever
you